nrf_security: Various fixes regarding the recent Oberon PSA update (#21065)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Updated:

    * The Oberon PSA core to version 1.3.4 that introduces support for the following:

      * PSA static key slots with the option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MBEDTLS_PSA_STATIC_KEY_SLOTS`.
      * Key Wrap with and without padding (NIST-SP-800-38F) using Oberon PSA driver.
      * WPA3-SAE and WPA3-SAE-PT using Oberon PSA driver.
      * NIST SP 800-108 conformant CMAC and HMAC based key derivation using Oberon PSA driver.

>         For more information regarding the Oberon PSA core 1.3.4 update see the relevant changelog entry: `Oberon PSA core changelog`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        For more information regarding the Oberon PSA core v1.3.4 update, see the relevant changelog entry in the `Oberon PSA core changelog`_.
```
